about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
photo: /assets/img/photography/about.jpg
wide: true
permalink: /about/
---

My name is **Ryan Walters** and this is my website. As the domain shows, my online handle is **Xevion**.

As of February 2022, I'm a Computer Science student studying at UTSA. Contact me if you're interested in working with me!

Software Engineering is one of my favorite things in the world; I adore projects relating to automation, pathfinding, group coordination and more...
I like working on big projects, APIs, competition/interview problems, and in general - learning how it all works!

Besides my interest in programming, I'm also pretty [big on photography](/photography/).

If you ever catch me playing a game, it's probably going to be *[Modded Minecraft][po2k]*, The Witcher 3, Factorio, or RimWorld.

<small>Notice: This site is a refactored and simplified version of [Delan Azabani's][delan-azabani] personal blog site.</small>

[photography-portfolio]: https://www.rcw.photos/
[delan-azabani]: https://www.azabani.com
[cap-link]: https://admissions.utexas.edu/enroll/cap
[po2k]: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/project-ozone-2-reloaded

Commit message:

Add preview descriptions and preview images where possible to posts & pages.

about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
photo: /assets/img/photography/about.jpg
wide: true
permalink: /about/
_preview_description: My name is Ryan Walters and this is my website.
---

My name is **Ryan Walters** and this is my website. As the domain shows, my online handle is **Xevion**.

As of February 2022, I'm a Computer Science student studying at UTSA. Contact me if you're interested in working with me!

Software Engineering is one of my favorite things in the world; I adore projects relating to automation, pathfinding, group coordination and more...
I like working on big projects, APIs, competition/interview problems, and in general - learning how it all works!

Besides my interest in programming, I'm also pretty [big on photography](/photography/).

If you ever catch me playing a game, it's probably going to be *[Modded Minecraft][po2k]*, The Witcher 3, Factorio, or RimWorld.

<small>Notice: This site is a refactored and simplified version of [Delan Azabani's][delan-azabani] personal blog site.</small>

[photography-portfolio]: https://www.rcw.photos/
[delan-azabani]: https://www.azabani.com
[cap-link]: https://admissions.utexas.edu/enroll/cap
[po2k]: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/project-ozone-2-reloaded
