projects.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
---

Here you can find a list of my most developed projects I've made in recent time.

[![/Paths/ Banner][paths-banner]][paths]
* [Paths][paths] - A pathfinding simulation app designed to show off and explore various pathfinding algorithsm and their interactions on a 2D grid.

[![/lovely/ Banner][lovely-banner]][lovely]
* [Lovely][lovely] - A little project I made to play around with javascript game programming and canvases.

[![/runnerspace/ Banner][runnerspace-banner]][runnerspace]
* [Runnerspace][runnerspace] - A retro, featureful, UTSA-themed MySpace clone built with Flask and SQLAlchemy in 30 hours during RowdyHacks 2022

[![/power-math/ Banner][power-math-banner]][power-math]
* [Power Math][power-math] - A powerful, stylish, fully client-side math problem generator built in Vue.

[![/boids/ Banner][boids-banner]][boids]
* [Boids][boids] - A Unity project dedicated to presenting Boids, the computed flocking mechanism developed by Craig Reynolds.

[![/contest/ Banner][contest-banner]][contest]
* [Contest][contest] - An assortment of contest problems, UIL competition packet problems and more with full solutions or explanations.

[lovely]: https://github.com/Xevion/lovely
[lovely-banner]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Xevion/lovely/master/public/Lovely-Banner.jpg
[runnerspace]: https://github.com/Xevion/runnerspace
[runnerspace-banner]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Xevion/runnerspace/master/static/runnerspace-banner.png
[power-math]: https://github.com/Xevion/power-math
[power-math-banner]: https://github.com/Xevion/power-math/raw/master/.media/banner.png
[contest]: https://github.com/Xevion/contest
[contest-banner]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Xevion/contest/master/.media/banner.png
[boids]: https://github.com/Xevion/Boids
[boids-banner]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Xevion/Boids/master/.media/banner.png
[paths]: https://github.com/Xevion/Paths
[paths-banner]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Xevion/Paths/master/.media/banner.png
[processing-projects]: https://github.com/Xevion/processing-projects
[the-office]: https://github.com/Xevion/the-office

Commit message:

Add preview descriptions and preview images where possible to posts & pages.

projects.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
_preview_description: A list of the most developed projects I've made in recent time.
---

Here you can find a list of my most developed projects I've made in recent time.

[![/Paths/ Banner][paths-banner]][paths]
* [Paths][paths] - A pathfinding simulation app designed to show off and explore various pathfinding algorithsm and their interactions on a 2D grid.

[![/lovely/ Banner][lovely-banner]][lovely]
* [Lovely][lovely] - A little project I made to play around with javascript game programming and canvases.

[![/runnerspace/ Banner][runnerspace-banner]][runnerspace]
* [Runnerspace][runnerspace] - A retro, featureful, UTSA-themed MySpace clone built with Flask and SQLAlchemy in 30 hours during RowdyHacks 2022

[![/power-math/ Banner][power-math-banner]][power-math]
* [Power Math][power-math] - A powerful, stylish, fully client-side math problem generator built in Vue.

[![/boids/ Banner][boids-banner]][boids]
* [Boids][boids] - A Unity project dedicated to presenting Boids, the computed flocking mechanism developed by Craig Reynolds.

[![/contest/ Banner][contest-banner]][contest]
* [Contest][contest] - An assortment of contest problems, UIL competition packet problems and more with full solutions or explanations.

[lovely]: https://github.com/Xevion/lovely
[lovely-banner]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Xevion/lovely/master/public/Lovely-Banner.jpg
[runnerspace]: https://github.com/Xevion/runnerspace
[runnerspace-banner]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Xevion/runnerspace/master/static/runnerspace-banner.png
[power-math]: https://github.com/Xevion/power-math
[power-math-banner]: https://github.com/Xevion/power-math/raw/master/.media/banner.png
[contest]: https://github.com/Xevion/contest
[contest-banner]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Xevion/contest/master/.media/banner.png
[boids]: https://github.com/Xevion/Boids
[boids-banner]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Xevion/Boids/master/.media/banner.png
[paths]: https://github.com/Xevion/Paths
[paths-banner]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Xevion/Paths/master/.media/banner.png
[processing-projects]: https://github.com/Xevion/processing-projects
[the-office]: https://github.com/Xevion/the-office
